[Automation] Add CI linters/checks (#190)
pokt-network/pocket: docs/releases/README.md

For example, `v0.0.1-alpha.pre.1` is the tag used for the first milestone merge and `v0.0.1-alpha.1` can be used for the first official alpha release.

## [WIP] Build Versioning

Automatic development / test / production builds are still a work in progress, but we plan to incorporate the following when we reach that point:

- `+dirty` for uncommited changes
- `-version` flag that can be injected or defaults to `UNKNOWN`
- `branch_name` and a shortened `commit_hash` should be included

For example, `X.Y.Z[-<pre_release_tag][+branch_name][+short_hash][+dirty]` is the name of a potential build we will release in the future.

## Container Images

Our images are hosted on Github's Container Registry (GHCR) and are available at `ghcr.io/poktnetwork/pocket-v1`. You can find the list of latest images [here](https://github.com/pokt-network/pocket/pkgs/container/pocket-v1).

### Tags

Code built from the default branch (i.e. `main`) is tagged as `latest`.

Code built from commits in Pull Requests, is tagged as `pr-<number>`, as well as `sha-<7 digit sha>`.

Once releases are managed, they will be tagged with the version number (e.g. `v0.0.1-alpha.pre.1`).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Extended images with additional tooling

Extended images with additional tooling are built to aid in troubleshoot and debugging. The extended image is formatted as `<tag>-dev`. For example, `latest-dev`, or `pr-123-dev`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- `+dirty` for uncommited changes
- `-version` flag that can be injected or defaults to `UNKNOWN`
- `branch_name` and a shortened `commit_hash` should be included

For example, `X.Y.Z[-<pre_release_tag][+branch_name][+short_hash][+dirty]` is the name of a potential build we will release in the future.

## Container Images

> ### Tags

Reviewer: Can you insert links to the images built for reference for each of the subsections below?

Author: @Olshansk instead of attaching an image, I've put a link to the page with list of tags which can be used as a reference. Note, this container repo is currently private, and we should make it public.

Reviewer: Nice!

> Code built from default branch (i.e. `main`) is tagged as `latest`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code built from the default branch (i.e. `main`) is tagged as `latest`.
```

Code built from commits in Pull Requests, is tagged as `pr-<number>`, as well as `sha-<7 digit sha>`.

> Once we have a release, we will tag the release with the version number (e.g. `v0.0.1-alpha.pre.1`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once releases are managed, they will be tagged with the version number (e.g. `v0.0.1-alpha.pre.1`).
```

### Extended images with additional tooling

> We also supply an extended image with tooling for each container tag to help you troubleshoot or investigate issues. The extended image is called `<tag>-dev`. For example, `latest-dev`, or `pr-123-dev`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extended images with additional tooling are built to aid in troubleshoot and debugging. The extended image is formatted as `<tag>-dev`. For example, `latest-dev`, or `pr-123-dev`.
```
